Many years ago, I started working at a firm and I helped the sister to get a position at the same firm.
As time went on, I may have come to the wrong conclusion, but I felt that the sister wanted to be in charge.
I didn't feel very happy about it.
A few months later, I was retrenched from work. I felt very hurt.
My mother always told me to be the lesser one and just to let things go.
So I kept quiet and I left the firm.
Due to certain circumstances, we changed congregations, so we didn't see each other anymore.
During those years, at meetings or reading the Bible, we are regularly reminded to be forgiving.
It felt to me like a stab in my heart, because I knew we had to apply this counsel.
Being at the convention, every time it made me a bit nervous.
Because I basically had to prepare myself, should I bump into her, how I was going to handle it.
It did ruin the spiritual atmosphere of the convention.
Soon after my mother passed away, we had our regional convention.
I was very emotional. I saw the sister standing and I wondered to myself what is going to happen now.
She came up to me, she gave me a hug and a small present.
That particular day, I definitely felt relieved and I felt I could now make peace.
If both of us had applied earlier their advice given in Colossians 3 vs 13 by being forgiving,
neither of us would have had to carry this emotional burden for so many years.
Now I am very happy to say, Mona and I are good friends today.
We served together in the same congregation as elders,
and the relationship I have today with Louise is that we are friends.
But when we transferred it to the workplace, that beautiful friendship began to fade.
Well, as a builder, I'm old school and used to being in charge.
Perhaps I was too proud, but somebody couldn't come and tell me how to do certain things.
Since I was a crew leader, I said right from the start.
So, what is he doing here?
Does he have any right to an opinion about this?
So I made sure to push the brothers side completely.
I can remember that when I entered the kingdom hall through one door and I saw Brother Louise,
I would look for any possible excuse to avoid him, and I wouldn't even say hello.
Neither of us said hello.
For me, the internal battle between the fleshly minded person and the spiritual person was a very tough battle.
It was like that for several years, and now I think I wasted time.
Something that would have helped me to maintain peace and unity with my brother would have been to be obedient to what Jehovah says,
to what the Bible says, to what we hear at the meetings.
Sadly, I wasn't obedient.
The lesson that I've learned from this is that Jehovah is always right.
In the exact moment when something happens, we should immediately act.
Carlos Henry himself was the one that then stopped me and told me,
we can't keep going on like this.
He took a very important step so that we could sort things out.
To be happy, you have to apply the principles you find in God's Word.
The words at Romans chapter 14 verse 19 encourage us to pursue the things making for peace.
What I would have done differently is that I wouldn't have let time go by.
Instead, I should have sought out the brother more promptly and restored that friendship again.
Although it's true that you can't recover time, you can recover a brother.
My relationship once again with Luis is that we are friends and he's a true friend.